EPISODE 7
You're amazing!
You kill without spilling blood.
You're too kind. Come on, let's go
take on the last level of Condor Heroes.
Wait.
Did you say you're at the last level
of in-game couple's quests?
That's right.
You mean the extremely difficult one?
The one level that to this day
no in-game couple across all servers
has ever accomplished?
I think so.
Darn! Only an extreme player like Nai
can accomplish such a difficult quest.
You guys could never do it.
Of course, not. We're not that extreme.
That's not the point.
First of all, you need to have
an in-game spouse.
What?
Let's go.
Yixiao Naihe, Luwei Weiwei,
what a compatible in-game couple.
Your love and courage
have helped you overcome
various obstacles and reach here.
First of all, congratulations.
Now, it's the last level of Condor Heroes.
Yearning Formation is the most difficult,
ultimate challenge.
Are you confident you will be the first
in-game couple of all servers to crack it?
ACCEPT QUEST
Congratulations for arriving
at the last level of Condor Heroes.
Your in-game spouse must find you
within 16 hours.
If he cannot find you, you'll fail
the Condor Heroes quest.
16 hours? How hard is this quest?
Does it mean we can't log off?
Let me search the forum.
I fell down from up high.
Could I be at the bottom of a cliff?
Does that mean Naihe needs to jump off
a cliff to find me?
I knew it!
This place isn't even on the map.
Weiwei?
Naihe? We can still chat?
I was just informed that my quest
is to find you in 16 hours.
How are your surroundings?
I...
My surroundings are very dark, very dark.
You can't see anything?
No.
What about sound?
I seem to hear water.
I see.
I can't just twiddle my thumbs.
If we can still chat,
why don't I find some information for him?
Could she be nearby?
Naihe!
What's up?
It's so sick! I checked
the official website for this quest.
It doesn't offer a player's guide.
Not only that, there's only
a one-line description for this level.
What is it?
In-game couple needs telepathic connection
to crack this level.
What the heck is that?
It's so dark, it's almost like a blackout.
I think I'll study for now.
Do you know how much I miss you?
I miss you as much
as the red dots are deeply set on a die.
I've been waiting here for 30 years.
You're the first to show up on this cliff.
30 years ago, my junior fellow apprentice
disappeared without warning.
I tracked him to this place,
but I've been held up by this game of go.
The clues are likely on the board,
but I'm no expert at go.
Young man, can you help me
solve this riddle?
I had no idea!
If you see my junior fellow apprentice
beyond this natural moat,
please give him this jade pendant.
But a Yearning Formation lies
beyond this natural moat.
I hear it is extremely indomitable,
you must be extra cautious.
I have a secret manuscript for
overcoming the level, please take a look.
This way, please.
All love and relationships
are unpredictable and ephemeral.
Love and care for loved ones spark worry;
love and care for loved ones spark fear.
Freedom from love
is freedom from worry and fear.
I've waited for 30 years.
I'm surprised to see anyone make it here.
However, in order to rescue your lover,
you must get through me first.
Are you willing to sacrifice everything
to rescue your lover?
WILL YOU TAKE ON
THE OWNER OF HAPPY COUPLE?
YOUR CULTIVATED STATUS WILL DISSIPATE
AND YOU MUST REINCARNATE, SHOULD YOU FAIL.
You can still leave, before I begin.
What's that on your waist?
So he has searched for me!
Brother, I misjudged you.
Young man, your in-game spouse
is at the bottom of the valley.
Let Happy Couple take you there.
These two phoenixes
have kept me company for 30 years.
I gift them to you now.
May destiny bring the lovers together.
Your husband Yixiao Naihe
has passed the test of Yearning Formation,
the last level.
Congratulations on accomplishing
the quest of Condor Heroes.
It's so crazy how Naihe arrives
surrounded by a thousand beams of light.
He's two wings
shy of an angelic appearance.
You found me.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Yixiao Naihe and Luwei Weiwei
accomplished Condor Heroes,
the ultimate in-game couple's quest.
They receive 10 million experience points,
the title of Top Golden Couple
of "A Chinese Ghost Story,"
along with the first-ever
couple's flying steeds,
Happy Couple.
Darn! Couple's flying steeds?
"A Chinese Ghost Story"
has couple's flying steeds now?
That can't be the only pair, right?
Is "A Chinese Ghost Story" going to launch
a couple's flying steeds function?
Definitely! They can't be the only pair.
How else will the game make money?
So, they're Happy Couple?
They look a little fat, though.
Can they really fly?
Come, let's go for a ride.
I realize that
Luwei Weiwei always strikes a win,
just when you think she's hit rock bottom.
I know! When she and Zhenshui Wuxiang
annulled their in-game marriage,
I thought she got dumped.
Then she turns around and couples up
with Yixiao Naihe.
Amazing!
Maybe Zhenshui Wuxiang was the one
who got dumped?
How did you find me?
There were clues, actually.
Is Yearning Formation the legendary
Qimen Five-Element Array?
It's not that deep.
Before I started,
an NPC gave me directions.
About 2,000 words of clues in ten seconds.
You memorized those clues in ten seconds?
You're inhuman!
Nobody can read that fast!
I screen-grabbed.
That's right! You can screen-grab!
Only a dummy would try to memorize it.
I'm so silly! Why didn't I think of that?
But you're incredible
for thinking on your feet,
to decide to screen-grab in no time.
You quit the clan?
A few days ago.
Luwei Weiwei, your team stole
Xiaoyu Qingqing's prey.
You're in the same clan.
That's uncalled for.
Don't you owe me an explanation?
Since when is Xiaoyu Qingqing in our clan?
Clan Leader took in the Xiaoyus,
for Zhenshui and Yaoyao's sake.
But Xiaoyu Qingqing
is particularly annoying.
She's always flirting
with the guys in the clan.
She even got to Clan Leader.
I saw the two of them alone several times,
even riding a horse together.
Clan Leader Zhan,
why don't you ask Xiaoyu Qingqing
what's going on?
She'd better give me an explanation.
What's the meaning of this, Luwei?
I know you have issues
with Xiaoyu Qingqing,
but I hope you can focus on
the topic at hand.
How am I not focusing on
the topic at hand?
Hey...
Xiaoyu Qingqing, please come out.
Tell Clan Leader Zhan
what happened exactly.
Xiaoyu Qingqing, come out, now!
If you won't talk, Xiaoyu Qingqing,
I'll ask in the public chat room.
There were several teams present.
I'm sure someone will explain
what happened then.
I was out. What's going on?
Playing dumb?
The chat record is very clear.
You mean that thing?
I said I failed to steal a prey.
I said you stole the prey.
Did I say something wrong?
I didn't know Tianxia would misread that
and ask you about it.
What you're saying is,
Clan Leader Zhan purposely
twisted your words to slander me?
Clan Leader Zhan,
you owe me an explanation.
It feels awful to be wrongly accused.
Xiaoyu Qingqing is trying to use him
to get to you.
Then she's not doing a good job at it.
I was mistaken.
I'm glad it's just a misunderstanding.
Team spirit is imperative to the clan.
But you should be mindful of something,
Luwei Weiwei.
What is it? I'm all ears.
When Zhenshui and Yaoyao got married,
the medicine you sold
on Red Sparrow Bridge
was made with materials
from the clan, right?
You shouldn't have sold it on your own.
It's fine, because you only did it once.
Just don't do it again.
Clan Leader Zhan remembers something
that happened so long ago.
If I remember correctly,
the so-called materials from
the clan warehouse were herbs I collected.
You have a problem with me selling
medicine made from the herbs I collected?
- Wait, Luwei, you're being--
- Enough.
We're all in the same clan.
We shouldn't fight.
- Yes, we're in the same clan.
- That's right.
Forget it.
Xiaoyu Qingqing, you and I both know
what took place exactly.
You either apologize to me now,
or never let me catch you
killing a monster again.
Otherwise, I will make
your false accusation come true.
Luwei Weiwei, you're such a bully!
Why blow things out of proportion?
So what if you've got a high grade?
She said it's a misunderstanding.
Why can't you live and let live?
Tianxia, I didn't mean to do that.
Why is she so mean?
This is no longer
the Bihai Chaosheng House I know.
Weiwei, don't be rash.
I've said all that's needed to be said.
Comrades, we'll still be friends,
when we meet in this world.
Luwei Weiwei quits the clan.
- What...
- What's going on?
That's too much!
All good things come to an end.
Luwei Weiwei quits Bihai Chaosheng House.
- That's too much!
- Right?
- How can she do this?
- How can this be?
- Right?
- It's quite a shame.
That's good.
From now on, we'll be together.
We'll brave this world together,
like a pair of wild mandarin ducks.
Wild mandarin ducks?
I remember we were formally married.
You have no sense of humor.
Marital status is important.
Fine, Naihe does have a sense of humor.
He's just a bit a stoic.
It may be familiar scenery,
but you still get different feelings,
despite looking at it every day.
Like now.
A new name?
Weiwei, this facial mask is pretty good.
Weiwei?
I heard you.
Don't tell me
you're doing that in the game world?
Don't worry. I've finished my homework
and edited my thesis.
- My exams won't be affected.
- Who's worried about your exams?
Who's worried about your homework?
I'm just worried you'd get conned!
Bei Weiwei,
don't you think you look like
you're totally in love?
- Just go use your facial mask.
- That's what I'm doing.
Yu!
Mr. Li. So sorry.
The traffic in Capital City is terrible.
I took a cab
and the driver was so grumpy.
It's fine. I just got here, too.
Sit. What would you like a drink?
- Anything's fine.
- Sure. Waiter!
You took a cab here, Yu?
Yes, that's why I was late.
A talent like you
shouldn't live like that.
Our company's key tech guys
each have a company car
and housing reimbursement.
Really? Such great benefits!
Talents should be treated well.
A key tech guy who joined us
the year before last
bought a house this year.
He's even bought a house?
You should know,
our company's employee benefits
are the best in the industry.
Yu, let's be frank today.
I won't beat around the bush.
Ever since we met last time,
we've been particularly taken with you.
What do you say?
Are you interested in joining our team?
It's quite tempting, Mr. Li,
but I'm very attached to our work.
Why don't we wait
until the game is launched?
It makes more sense for me
to join you after.
Yu, you're too inflexible.
Why don't you develop the game
in collaboration with us?
We really love your idea.
If we play our cards right,
we'll surely be able to create a legend
of 100 million in monthly revenue.
But, it's Mr. Xiao's work.
I think a huge part of it
is the result of your labor.
Mr. Li, Mr. Xiao and I are students
who share the same dorm.
That's right, he's your fellow student.
Why are you willing to live in his shadow?
What's more, from what I can see,
you're just as capable as he is.
You're a young man.
You should give yourself more options,
create more possibilities, right?
On top of that,
you're a team of college students.
You have zero experience
and social contacts.
You know full well,
even without me saying,
just how many obstacles
you will encounter,
and how little chance you have of success.
Work with us, though,
you can make miracles happen.
This is just the monthly wage.
You'll get bonus, once the game is a hit.
I hope you can feel
the depth of sincerity I'm showing,
on behalf of our company.
What? He says he needs to think about it?
Time is money! We can't wait.
Well, pay him another visit
in a couple of days.
Raise the signing fee
by 30 percent.
That's right.
We must succeed in poaching him.
Once he's on board,
his attitude will change.
Then, his entire team
will come on board. Get it?
Yiran, remember to knock
before you come in next time.
Uncle, are you really going to poach
Yu Banshan and the others?
I'm telling you,
you must keep it a secret.
Do not tell other people
about what you just heard.
Propriety is a must.
Then Xiao Nai...
Uncle, what you're doing is immoral.
Immoral?
You call that immoral?
You're still young.
You don't know anything about business.
Those college kids think they can succeed
just by having a good idea.
Take a look out there.
Failed projects are everywhere.
How many have succeeded?
Young people can get lost
and lose their way.
When that happens,
they need older folks like us
to give them pointers.
So they won't waste time and money.
Uncle,
if you poach Yu Banshan and the others,
what will happen to Xiao Nai?
Once I've got his teammates,
I'll give him a better offer.
Why would Xiao Nai turn me down?
Don't you believe in
your uncle's capability?
Don't worry over nothing.
What matters the most for you right now
is to keep up your studies. Okay?
Why is Yugong gone for so long?
Did he give in?
Nana?
So you went to the boys dorm
to try to tell Xiao Nai everything?
Yes.
I already saw him,
but I was still unsure
if I should tell him.
Thankfully you didn't, Yiran.
That's surely your intuition helping you.
Are you silly or what?
Whether the poaching succeeds or fails,
your uncle is already the bad guy.
If it fails,
we'll think of something else.
If it succeeds,
you'll be working
alongside Xiao Nai, no?
So, I think you should take
Mr. Zhen's side.
But I still think...
- Why is Xiao Nai and Bei Weiwei--
- Okay.
I already looked into it for you.
They just happened to be sitting together.
And Xiao Nai never spoke to Bei Weiwei.
I'm showing you this, to tell you,
opportunities are created.
Opportunities won't come to you,
when you do nothing.
Take Bei Weiwei, for example,
she's a computer major,
yet she takes an archaeology class,
just to get to Xiao Nai.
See how hard she works at it.
As for you, you don't take any initiative.
You think Xiao Nai will simply
fall into your lap?
Anyway, I think,
you have a good chance,
yet you try to destroy it.
Are you silly or what?
Yiran, don't go against your uncle.
You should just stand with Mr. Zhen,
and quietly support him.
In the end, you'll still be the good guy.
Get it?
I think my acting chops
are worthy of an Oscar.
I vividly portrayed a college graduate's
idealism and hunger for money.
It's quite tempting, Mr. Li,
but I'm very attached to our work.
Yu,
this is just the monthly wage.
You'll get a bonus once the game is a hit.
I hope you can understand,
I've come to you with genuine sincerity,
on behalf of our company.
If I don't become a coder,
with my acting chops, I'll be an actor.
They're so ruthless!
They asked Yu to give them
the source code.
If that happens, they can create
an identical game in no time,
and launch it before us.
Our work would become garbage.
Nai, what do we do next?
You asked me to keep them hanging.
Do you want me to be a spy
from within the company?
Bro, you think you can be a spy,
with that IQ of yours?
Don't joke around, okay?
On the other hand,
they might send a spy our way.
What do you think, Nai?
I think, they might try to box us in,
and sabotage our financing opportunities.
What's that?
The interior of our office space.
The designer just sent it over.
It should be done soon.
Time really does fly.
We will finally have our own spot.
Nai, I have no other demand.
I only want a gorgeous girl
as our receptionist.
- A girl.
- It can be done.
That's not likely.
Why's that?
I just poached a master programmer,
named Ashuang.
I'll introduce you soon.
Wait, no...
Nai. So you got a master programmer.
What does that have to do with
our receptionist?
He's gynophobic.
What? What phobic?
Mei, I'm sorry.
I think I heard the word gynophobic.
Looks like our company will be
another all-male joint.
Oh, God!
Why would a guy have such a weird problem?
It's okay. Come on.
There are men who don't like stinky socks.
What's so odd about a guy
who doesn't like pretty ladies?
Darn it!
Nai, you said they would sabotage
our financing opportunities.
What did you mean?
They must have other tricks,
aside from poaching our team.
They have more contacts in the gaming
industry. It's easy to start rumors.
Mei, the world is full of malevolence.
I don't want to graduate anymore.
All right. Don't be scared.
You must believe, Nai trumps them
in the arena of malevolence.
If we hadn't gotten in touch with them,
we'd be fine.
Those with treasure will inevitably meet
hungry thieves. It's unavoidable.
Yes, unless we holed up
and did our own thing.
But our goal isn't limited
to this mobile game.
I didn't turn down Zhenyi Tech right away,
because I wanted to stall for time.
I never wanted to work with this company.
I only went to the business meeting
to feel them out.
Feel them out?
The word is already out, Fengteng Tech
wants to hire an outside team
to develop a new version of
"A Chinese Ghost Story."
Zhenyi Tech also has big ambitions
for client-based games.
They may be our biggest competition.
So the mobile game meeting
was just a front?
It's necessary to get to know
the character of your competitor.
Hou, Mei, listen to me.
We'll be fine,
as we mindlessly follow Nai.
But Nai, are you that confident
we won't get poached?
Whoever can successfully poach you guys
will also be able to poach me.
I'm quite touched to hear you say that.
Interested in battling? Whoever wins
gets first dibs on the office.
I knew that warm feeling was an illusion!
These are 12th grade math problems.
I can't believe you got them all right!
Wish.
You already knew
I'd have to fulfill your wish,
before you even asked, right?
Go ahead. What's your wish?
I see that you brought your laptop today.
Yes, I did some homework
at the library, before I came over.
So, I want to watch you play your game.
No. According to our agreement,
today is not your gaming time.
That's the overall principle.
We can't break the rule. Change your wish.
Then... I'll use
next week's gaming time today.
No exceptions next time.
Swordswoman in red!
Ms. Weiwei, you're so cool!
Someone's calling for you.
Yixiao Naihe says,
"Weiwei, come kill monsters."
Who's this Yixiao Naihe?
My friend from the game.
So many people here!
But there are already a few Xiaoyus
fighting the monster.
Xiaoyang, you're in luck.
You get to witness my first-ever attempt
at stealing prey from someone.
Isn't stealing prey a bad thing?
It is, indeed. Don't do that.
But this Xiaoyu Qingqing
tried to falsely accuse me
of stealing their prey the other day.
They refused to admit it, when exposed.
What do you think I should do?
Steal prey from her a hundred times.
I support you, Ms. Weiwei.
Look! They've run off!
It fell down. Go pick up the chest
and see what's inside!
Rare material, diamond.
Is it serious stuff?
The system made a public announcement.
What do you think?
Ms. Weiwei, this game is so much fun!
Can I play for a while?
Was this your plan all along?
Fine. Just a little while.
I'll ask my friend to show you around.
Let me. You can tend to other things.
- Sure. Thanks.
- You're welcome.
It's amazing, Ms. Weiwei!
Yixiao Naihe is incredible at battling.
I can't beat him.
Tell him you're a kid,
and ask him to give you a break.
No way! I'm a man.
I must battle with my own strength.
Ms. Weiwei, people are slamming you,
accusing you of stealing a prey.
Xiaoyu Qingqing, who framed you last time,
is playing the victim in the chat room.
She says you bully weak girls
like her team.
They want you to hand over the diamond.
Ms. Weiwei, come take a look!
Wait, I'll be right over.
Let's see.
Look, Ms. Weiwei, this player says,
Xiaoyu Qingqing and her team
tried to steal the prey.
You only stood up for them.
Xiaoyu Qingqing doesn't admit it.
Look, Ms. Weiwei!
This player posted a video.
Fantastic! That shut up the Xiaoyus.
No one in the public chat room
can smear you anymore.
Be low-key.
Xiaoyu Qingqing is so good at
playing the victim.
Two can play at this game. Watch me.
I've never said much.
I always thought,
a clean hand wants no washing.
But I suddenly feel very discouraged,
after getting universally condemned.
How's that? It breaks your heart, no?
Nice. You're skilled at playing innocent.
I'm offering high prices for diamonds.
Nai is speaking in the public chat room?
- I want a photo with you.
- I want an autograph!
Yixiao, do you want diamonds
to enhance weapon properties?
Nope.
Then why buy diamonds?
So my wife can play with it.
Are you happy, Mrs. Nai?
Xiaoyu Qingqing must be fuming right now.
Yes, I'm happy. By the way,
"Jiushi Buchifan"
must be one of you guys' subaccount?
It can't be a coincidence.
Just when I went to steal their prey,
that subaccount started recording.
It belongs to Yugong and the others.
We got three subaccounts, specifically
to steal prey from Xiaoyu Qingqing.
We stole prey from her three times.
She finally offed us.
You should praise us.
Insidious! So insidious!
It's not us! Nai put us up to it.
Naihe is so clever!
What? Differential treatment!
I'm done!
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan